If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.
It is the tears of the earth that keep her smiles in bloom. -- Rabindranath Tagore
Be the change that you wish to see in the world. -- Mahatma Gandhi
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything. -- Mark Twain
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -- Mahatma Gandhi
Order and simplification are the first steps toward the mastery of a subject. -- Thomas Mann
We are twice armed if we fight with faith. -- Plato
Everything that is done in the world is done by hope. -- Martin Luther
Young man, in mathematics you don't understand things. You just get used to them. -- John von Neumann
In most sciences, one generation tears down what another has built and what one has established another undoes. In mathematics alone, each generations adds a new story to the old structure. -- Hermann Hankel
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity. But the universe I'm not quite sure. -- Albert Einstein
The biggest risk is not taking any risk. In a world that changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks. -- Mark Zuckerberg
UNIX is basically a simple operating system, but you have to be a genius to understand the simplicity. -- Dennis Ritchie
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom. -- Socrates
I'm a pessimist because of intelligence, but an optimist because of will. -- Antonio Gramsci
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Good, he did not have enough imagination to become a mathematician. -- David Hilbert
The scientists of today think deeply instead of clearly. One must be sane to think clearly, but one can think deeply and be quite insane. -- Nikola Tesla
Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine. -- Nikola Tesla
It's really just a matter of your favorite color. -- Robert C. Martin
Know how to solve every problem that has been solved. -- Richard Feynman
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is. -- Jan L. A. van de Snepscheut
Software and cathedrals are much the same - first we build them, then we pray. -- Sam Redwine
The world has enough for everyone's need, but not enough for everyone's greed. -- Mahatma Gandhi
You need the willingness to fail all the time -- John Backus
All models are wrong, but some are useful. -- George E. P. Box
Making mistakes is the privilege of the active – of those who can correct their mistakes and put them right. -- Ingvar Kamprad (Founder of IKEA)
教 Emacs 指令給人, 可以荒廢他一晚; 教人創造 Emacs 指令, 可以誤他一生 -- Cindy Wang
Give a man a new Emacs command and he can hack for a night; teach a man to make new Emacs commands and he can hack for a lifetime. -- Old Saying Among Programmers
Only those who have the patience to do simple things perfectly ever acquire the skill to do difficult things easily. -- Friedrich Schiller
If people do not believe that mathematics is simple, it is only because they do not realize how complicated life is. -- John von Neumann
What I cannot create, I do not understand. -- Richard Feynman
Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. -- Martin Fowler
