If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together.
It is the tears of the earth that keep her smiles in bloom. -- Rabindranath Tagore
Be the change that you wish to see in the world. -- Mahatma Gandhi
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything. -- Mark Twain
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -- Mahatma Gandhi
Order and simplification are the first steps toward the mastery of a subject. -- Thomas Mann
We are twice armed if we fight with faith. -- Plato
Everything that is done in the world is done by hope. -- Martin Luther
Young man, in mathematics you don't understand things. You just get used to them. -- John von Neumann
In most sciences, one generation tears down what another has built and what one has established another undoes. In mathematics alone, each generations adds a new story to the old structure. -- Hermann Hankel
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity. But the universe I'm not quite sure. -- Albert Einstein
The biggest risk is not taking any risk. In a world that changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks. -- Mark Zuckerberg
UNIX is basically a simple operating system, but you have to be a genius to understand the simplicity. -- Dennis Ritchie
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom. -- Socrates
I'm a pessimist because of intelligence, but an optimist because of will. -- Antonio Gramsci
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
Good, he did not have enough imagination to become a mathematician. -- David Hilbert
The scientists of today think deeply instead of clearly. One must be sane to think clearly, but one can think deeply and be quite insane. -- Nikola Tesla
Let the future tell the truth, and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine. -- Nikola Tesla
It's really just a matter of your favorite color. -- Robert C. Martin
Know how to solve every problem that has been solved. -- Richard Feynman
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. But, in practice, there is. -- Jan L. A. van de Snepscheut
Software and cathedrals are much the same - first we build them, then we pray. -- Sam Redwine
The world has enough for everyone's need, but not enough for everyone's greed. -- Mahatma Gandhi
You need the willingness to fail all the time -- John Backus
All models are wrong, but some are useful. -- George E. P. Box
Making mistakes is the privilege of the active – of those who can correct their mistakes and put them right. -- Ingvar Kamprad (Founder of IKEA)
教 Emacs 指令給人, 可以荒廢他一晚; 教人創造 Emacs 指令, 可以誤他一生 -- Cindy Wang
Give a man a new Emacs command and he can hack for a night; teach a man to make new Emacs commands and he can hack for a lifetime. -- Old Saying Among Programmers
Only those who have the patience to do simple things perfectly ever acquire the skill to do difficult things easily. -- Friedrich Schiller
If people do not believe that mathematics is simple, it is only because they do not realize how complicated life is. -- John von Neumann
What I cannot create, I do not understand. -- Richard Feynman
Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. -- Martin Fowler
If I have a thousand ideas and only one turns out to be good, I am satisfied. -- Alfred Nobel
Tell me and I’ll forget; Show me and I may remember; Involve me and I’ll understand. -- Chinese proverb
見之不若知之，知之不若行之，學至於行之而止矣。行之，明也。 -- 《荀子 ‧ 儒效篇》
C makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot; C++ makes it harder, but when you do, it blows away your whole leg. -- Bjarne Stroustrup
The problem with using C++ ... is that there's already a strong tendency in the language to require you to know everything before you can do anything. -- Larry Wall
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. -- Saint Francis
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. -- Arthur C. Clarke
Wait long enough and people will surprise and impress. When you're pissed off at someone and you're angry at them, you just haven't given them enough time. Just give them a little more time and they almost always will impress you. -- Randy Pausch
Wenn ich dich liebe, was geht es dich an? -- Kathinka Zitz
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. -- Albert Einstein
It is not the most intellectual of the species that survives; it is not the strongest that survives; but the species that survives is the one that is able best to adapt and adjust to the changing environment in which it finds itself. -- Leon Megginson
In war, truth is the first casualty. -- Aeschylus
Revenge is a dish best served cold. -- Old idiom
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. -- Arthur C. Clarke
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything -- Mark Twain
In your current temperament, there is a hidden road, a book you've read, and a loved one -- adapted from Casablanca
Mathematics is the art of giving the same name to different things -- Henri Poincaré
In the pursuit of great, we fail to do good -- Viktor, Arcane (2021)
能被原諒的很幸運，不被原諒也很正常；無恥的人不值得被原諒，無奈的人尚可體諒體諒。 -- 輕風乍起
習慣落於人後，仍然虛心學習，日日是好日 -- 光影二三事
良田千畝不過一日三餐，廣廈萬間只睡臥榻三尺 -- 《莊子》
When there is trouble in the water, it poison everything. -- <The Principles of Pleasure>
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. But today is a gift. That is why it is called the present. -- Master Oogway from Kong-Fu Panda
Train people well enough so they can leave, treat them well enough so they don’t want to. -- Richard Branson
可以被濫用的技術，才是好的技術
You either die a hero, or you live long enough to see yourself become the villain. -- Harvey Dent <The Dark Knight (2008)>
There are some people who live in a dream world, and some who face reality; And then there are those who turn one into the other. -- Douglas Everett
The road to hell is paved with good intentions. -- Friedrich Hayek
 
